Adding new rules for R8 full mode support (#3663)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: CHANGELOG.md

### 🐞 Fixed

### ⬆️ Improved

> - Now the SDK can be used if R8 full mode. New rules were added to the library to support the aggresive optimizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now the SDK can be used if R8 full mode. New rules were added to the library to support the aggressive optimizations [3663](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/pull/3663).
```
